3rd Selection
Final Assignment
Tryouts
I will now announce the teams.
I chose Team A.
And we'll be up against Team B.
Final Assignment
Tryouts
3rd Selection
1st Match
Who will I play alongside?
Who will I play against?
We only get one match.
1st Match
For us total nobodies,
this is our final ticket...
1st Match
Time Left Until Kickoff
to becoming someone.
Episode
The Assassin and the Ninja
Five Matches in Total
There will be five matches in total.
4 teams
3 teams
1st Match
2nd Match
3rd Match
4th Match
5th Match
And between each match,
there will be a six-hour interval.
After each match, there will be a 6-hour interval
6h Interval
To ensure fairness, observing
the other teams' matches is prohibited.
6h Interval
You are not allowed to watch the other matches
You may not enter the arena. You may not use the monitor room
The first match will be Team A vs Team B.
1st Match
Three players from each team
will be chosen at random.
Team A's first player is:
Nanase
Nanase Nijiro.
Yessir!
Their second player is:
Hiori
Hiori Yo.
It's me, huh?
And their third player is...
Oh?
Isagi
Isagi Yoichi!
R-Right!
He flinched.
Right off the bat? The very first game?
Team A1's Players
Nanase Nijiro
Hiori Yo
Isagi Yoichi
I will now announce Team B's players.
Team B1's Players
Announcement
Who are we up against?
Shiguma
Their first player is: Shiguma Kyohei.
Their second player is: Saramadara Kairu.
Man, they're both big guys.
A golem and a Predator, huh?
And their third player is...
Chigiri
Chigiri Hyoma.
'Kay.
Chigiri? That's a tough one for me.
Familiar foes, huh?
Both teams, please put on these shirts
and head to your respective gates.
I have to focus on displaying
my presence in this team.
In these tryouts,
even my teammates are my rivals.
I'm so frickin' buzzed.
"Buzzed"?
If we play well here, we become the U-20s.
It's finally our time to shine.
Ah, my bad, my guy. Back where I'm from,
"buzzed" means, like, "excited."
I'm Nanase, bro. I'm a first-year.
Oh, uh, I'm Isagi. Nice to meet you.
I'm a second-year.
So that makes ya my senior!
I'm all prepared to let ya teach me stuff!
S-Sure thing.
I'm also a second-year.
Name's Hiori. Nice to meetcha.
Oh, that's a Kansai accent.
Yeah, I'm from Kyoto.
Hey, so if youse are a Kyotoite,
don't that make ya an elephant?
Do you mean "elegant"?
So I'm an elephant now, am I?
My bad, my guy.
Shucks.
Wait, what is this sense of unity?
It's so refreshing!
Lock off.
Donkey.
I'll kill you.
BLEAK
It's been unrelentingly bleak so far.
Gentle Parallel World
This team makes me feel all relaxed.
You said it, bud. I feel right at home.
But whatever happens from here
on out, no hard feelings.
Likewise. Seems our lives
are riding on this one game.
I so frickin' wanna play for Japan, man!
Yeah.
Let's go butt heads.
We'll collide with everything
we've built so far.
Oh, here they come.
The small fry interns.
Isagi?
Oh, you two know each other?
Yeah, kinda. We're former teammates.
Nice to meet ya, bro!
Oh, huh.
Don't worry about it. That's just how he is.
Here they come.
3rd Selection Tryout
Team B
Team B.
Hey, we're gonna leave the defense to y'all.
That goes without saying.
It depends on the flow.
Let's go.
The key to acing the tryouts is
"assertion and coexistence" with the Top 6.
Assertion and Coexistence
I have to give this one match
absolutely everything I've got.
Tryouts
1st Match
The first to five goals wins
this five-a-side tryout match.
First to 5 Goals Wins
5 vs 5 Match
The first match between
Team A and Team B starts now.
Time to explode.
Pipe down, pink antenna-head.
Shut up and follow my lead.
First, I need to be an appealing option.
I'll start by adjusting to the
attacking patterns of Rin and Shidou.
I'm unstoppable.
License and registration.
That was superfast, man.
Wow.
He's fast enough to hinder
Shidou's aggressive dribbling.
He reacts fast, too.
It's easy to see how they made it this far.
In that case, I should move up and support.
To me, Shidou.
Oh? What an attentive newcomer.
This is good. I mustn't misjudge
my way into this game.
I have to do what I can
with these eyes of mine...
and go wherever they take me.
Let's go, Rin.
I'll draw out your talent to assert myself.
The distance and timing Rin wants...
If you and I can coexist...
no one can stop us on their first try!
Right there. That's the final line.
That's the last pass
that gets you in behind.
I can tell what you're thinking, dopey Isagi.
Chigiri?
He won't let me get past him that easy.
Clear it!
I'm cutting off this wave.
My ball.
Shidou?
He was in the other half just now.
But from that position, he'll be
surrounded even if he does get the ball.
I can predict that development.
That future.
I've got to link up with Shidou.
Shidou has the ball, so if I can get myself
here and he passes it to me...
Here, right?
Eat it!
Huh?
A no-look, backheel shot?
Are you serious? What kind of position
was that to take a shot from?
Every cell in my body multiplies
so that I can score a goal.
It was this impossible physical ability
that dumped out Kunigami.
Boom! Boom, boom, boom.
This is how the No.2,
Shidou Ryusei, plays soccer.
So his defending and
overall play are second-rate,
but his body's built
specifically for scoring goals, huh?
All righty, data entered.
I've figured out Antenna Boy, more or less.
So now, it's output time.
Tryouts
1st Match
I'm still not an appealing option.
I gotta get the ball and try again.
Is he looking for a pass to play?
I can steal it. The ball's
too far away from him!
Did he trick me?
Dumdum.
Sorry, bub, but I only
make bets I know I can win.
He's solid as a rock!
Target your opponent's weakness,
not his strength.
Your odds of winning are higher.
That's the ironclad rule of how to win.
Isagi Yoichi, the A team's weak link is you.
With special teammates around you,
your level rises to match them.
But alone, you're average at best.
I'm gonna crush your team,
starting with you.
What are you gossiping about?
Lemme in on it.
You'd better treat the wound
or it's gonna fester.
Damn it! With the two of us,
we can steal the ball...
Yowza! Sweet technique.
He used all those step overs to
throw us off balance and keep us guessing.
This is how the No.3,
Karasu Tabito, plays soccer.
I'm gonna poke you where it hurts
until you overdose, dumdum.
This guy's a villain.
Tryouts
1st Match
Caw! Lovin' it, Crow Boy.
Karasu Tabito, AKA "the Assassin."
Once he's identified yer weaknesses
using his super-sharp analysis,
he'll keep comin' after ya
until yer down and out.
He's set his sights on you, Isagi-kun.
You sure do know a lot, Hiori.
Yeah. We were both on
the same youth team in Kansai.
I've got one piece of advice for you.
Let him attack your weaknesses.
You gotta push through with yer strengths.
He's right. I can't overcome
my weaknesses in this game.
My strengths are...
my spatial awareness,
my off-the-ball movement,
and my direct shot.
I have to fight using those.
It's getting interesting.
Not at all.
I'm going with the same pattern, Isagi-chan.
You plan to use my passing and Rin's
to score a goal yourself, huh?
I knew you'd be here, Karasu.
He got here so fast.
He's keeping pace with me
and blocking my route to Rin.
In that case, I'll force open
a new passing lane to Rin.
Crap. If he wedges himself
between me and the ball now...
It's like I said.
Individually, you're no more than average.
I see now. That's what
he's been doing all this time.
Measuring the distance to his opponent.
Stopping them from moving.
The key to Karasu's play is how his hands
control the distance to his opponent.
You're holding everyone back, Isagi Yoichi.
I'll cover ya!
Let's take out this crow
with a three-on-one!
This'll work!
Crush him and steal the ball back!
Sneakin' stealthily on his tippy-toes.
Like a ninja.
Aw, hell. Over there!
Rin-kun!
When did he get behind me?
Whoosh.
He left Rin in the dust?
Get Karasu to keep the ball
and draw them in,
then seize the chance to score a goal.
That's the shadow striker way.
This is how No.4, Otoya,
AKA "the Ninja," plays soccer.
Tryouts
1st Match
Plus, he actually is
the descendant of a ninja.
Aw, shit, dude. What crazy specs!
You were a second late, dumdum.
Shut up. You need to adjust to me.
"The Assassin"
"The Ninja"
The destructive power
of these two is no joke!
This pair made it through
the second selection together,
so even here at Blue Lock,
their combo is top-class.
Hmph. Half-baked runts.
You ready, Rin?
Go ahead and try.
Karasu's blocking the route to me.
Is that why I'm being
removed from the equation?
Adjust to me.
Sure thing. Gimme something.
The one-two passing I was doing...
He copied it after seeing it once?
Hiori's passing is incredible.
Try to outrun me,
Mr. Genius's Little Bro.
Too slow.
Gimme it, No.1.
Back off, Antenna Boy.
I'm gonna stop you!
What?
Huh?
Using Shidou's movement as a decoy,
he waited until the goalie's view was
obstructed before hitting a "blind" shot.
Tryouts
1st Match
Nice.
Hah. So Itoshi Rin really
is on a whole other level.
It's no good.
I can't get into this game at all.
I'm getting pinned down
by Karasu individually,
and Rin and Shidou are having
no problems scoring without me.
Tryouts
1st Match
At this rate, the game will end
without me doing anything.
I need to shake off Karasu and wheedle
my way into their attacking patterns.
How can I show my presence in this game?
I'm sure that's what Isagi's thinking,
but the truth is,
aside from the four Top 6 players,
no one's managed to assert themselves
in this match, myself included.
For the Top 6, we're nothing
but replaceable pawns.
But if I try to force things, I'll just end up
spinning my wheels and making myself bait.
Don't go competin' with No.1.
Shut up. I'll do what I want.
Then, I ain't passin' to ya, dumdum.
Never asked you to.
I won't worry about the situation right now.
I'll just focus on what
I can do in the moment!
Come and get it, No. 2.
Even if I try to get in between them,
he won't pass to me
unless I'm more agile than Otoya.
So if I wanna survive, I shouldn't hang about
the center of the field where it's congested,
but go out to the right wing!
My legs can kick it into high gear and reach
top speed when I've got space to run into.
I don't need to adjust to their attacks!
I'll...
I'll pry open this field with my own weapon!
I'll blast it!
Accelerate!
Even if I have to bundle him over...
Look at me, Karasu!
...I'll stop him!
Don't you wanna use these legs?!
Not bad, Red.
I'll give you a chance.
Karasu?
It got to me!
Not so fast, redhead.
Perfection, ninja dude.
Right now, this is the only option, isn't it?!
Your speed...
gets me real excited.
Hell yeah!
Tryouts
1st Match
Chigiri...
He showed them a new possibility for their
attack pattern and made them acknowledge him.
Nice cross, lady ninja.
I'm a guy, you know.
This one's useful.
So that's "assertion and coexistence."
For those of us outside of the Top 6,
that's the only way to survive.
Damn it. Rin's not even
considering using me.
Hiori?
While assessing the situation,
he's calmly passing it around with Rin.
He's desperate to get involved
in the game by doing what he can.
In that case, I'll do what I can do.
I'll position myself in front of the goal
and wait for a chance to hit my direct shot!
Oh no you don't, Mr. Average.
Karasu?
I'll run into his blind spot off-the-ball!
Ya thought I wouldn't see that?
Damn it all! I'm not done yet!
In front of the goal? Right there?
Here it comes! The perfect trajectory.
No, wait. It's another pass to Rin?
Nope. It's for me.
You...
Shidou?
The hell are youse doin'?
Got it! Push up!
Let's counter, Otoya!
A short ball to Karasu.
There's no straight man in your double act?
Than, allow me to deliver the punch line.
Tryouts
1st Match
Aw, hell. They're close to winnin'.
This is bad.
But why'd they crash into each other?
Rin reads the field and arrives
at the optimal course of action,
while Shidou relies on instinct
to pick the perfect choice.
They got the same answer, but couldn't link up
because their processes were so different?
That was mine!
Antenna berserker!
Irritating bottom eyelash jerk!
Is it possible these two Top 6 players
have the worst compatibility?
No, wait.
Is this a piece I can take advantage of?
Blue Lock Additional Time!
A
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Isagi Yoichi
Each Parallel World
THUNK
Man, I'm starving.
But I need something to drink now.
Water
Tea
Hm, water or tea?
Oh, while I'm here, I'll get some
for Nanase and Hiori, too.
Huh?
SLOSH
Hiori
Yo
Nagase
Nijiro
Oh?
Huh?
Were we all thinking the same thing?
Yup.
Silly us.
Gentle Parallel World
Behold, the gentle parallel world!
We're only together for one match,
but it's nice working with you.
Shiguma
Kyohei
Chigiri
Hyoma
Saramadara
Kairu
In battle, the one who finds
the flow is the one who wins.
I'm a surfer, and finding the flow
is how I've survived so far.
Jeez, Predatorhead's
going off about something.
How about the golem over here?
Nice working with you.
I shouldn't talk to suspicious people.
That's what Gram-gram told me.
He's just a rude grandma's boy!
I'm gonna be the big wave.
These guys are impossible.
Incompatible Parallel World
Behold, the incompatible parallel world.
It's Itoshi Rin's Team A that can
create chemical reactions with my glam.
Aryu Jyubei
That's the most glam choice.
And...
If the other two alongside me are also glam,
I can shine and show off
as Team Super Glam.
Team Super Glam
This presence is...
Tanaka Shingen
Tanaka Shingen.
Gotta take a whiz.
So crude. So not glam.
Wanima Junichi.
Wanima Junichi
Pluck!
Glare!
Care complete.
His idea of beauty is so not glam.
Igarashi Gurimu.
Igarashi Gurimu
Namusan soccer!
Just as a life form, he is so not glam.
God, please don't make me team up
with these three totally un-glam rubes.
So-Not-Glam Parallel World
Hey, look! A giant booger!
I-It's huge!
Namu ami-double up!